I'm grateful for the science, Suika, Senku.
Let me teach you, Magma...
Had science helped me conquer my eyes,
I would have surpassed
your strength long ago.
Damn, Kinro!
He's giving the Magma a run for his money!
Magma-sama!
You're awesome, Kinro!
But it's not too convincing when
you say it with that mask on.
Yay!
Magma's all worn out!
Kinro's going to win it!
We've already won, then!
Now we can give Ruri the cure-all!
Is that watermelon mask your sorcery?
Isn't that against the rules?
You're right.
Even though it comes late,
we'll have to confirm the rules.
I can't move anymore.
I can hardly even speak.
The match is over.
Ask Jasper, the referee.
If he agrees, I'll accept my loss.
I can't hear what they're talking about,
but Magma's turned into a clean Magma.
Referee, this mask was clearly thrown into
the match by Suika in order to help me.
Knowing that, I still wore it.
If I've broken the rules, then I've lost.
The rules are the rules.
Damn it, you could just keep your
mouth shut if it's going to hurt you.
That's Kinro for you. He's so straight-laced.
You didn't throw it at him or anything.
The mask is just an article of clothing.
Therefore, it's not a—
I knew you'd go and ask!
You're as proper as hell, after all, Kinro!
Winner: Magma.
Damn, that dirty bastard!
Kinro!
Kinro! Kinro!
Sorry.
Thank goodness you're alive!
Well, whatever.
This is a team battle.
As long as someone beats Magma, we win.
That match should have dealt
plenty of damage to him.
That's what matters the most.
Round two: Chrome, Mantle.
Forward!
Oh, I'm up.
I'm more worried about the next match.
Match 1
Match 2
Match 3
Match 4
If Kohaku isn't back by the end of
match two, she'll be disqualified.
Yeah, I know.
Where's Kohaku-chan?
Where did Kohaku-chan go?
She ran off earlier to save you.
What?!
I'm going to go find her!
Sit still. You don't have your glasses.
It's too late either way.
All we can do is wait.
I have to buy as much time as I can.
After seeing Kinro and
Magma fight for the top...
It's like watching two kids fight.
Hang in there, both of you!
Chrome, huh?
He's not going to be a match for me.
Even if he makes it to the top
with me, he won't last a second.
Kohaku!
Mantle!
Lose!
Right now!
Yeah!
Pay attention, man!
Mercy!
Winner: Chrome!
Shit.
The third match...
Due to Kohaku's absence, the winner is Senku.
She didn't make it back in time!
Senku!
Kohaku-chan!
Damn it!
You barely missed it!
I'm sorry!
Mantle caught me!
Thank goodness!
I'm so glad he was lying.
All that matters is that you didn't drown.
This is my fault.
I'm sorry.
You lost because of me, Kohaku-chan.
There's nothing we can do about that.
Besides, it isn't your fault in the slightest.
Doesn't that basically settle it?
The priestess's husband, the new chief, is...
It's Magma!
Be glad, Ruri.
From now on, you're my woman.
Now that we've lost our last stand in Kohaku,
the only real fighting
chance we have left is...
Ginro the guard. You're all we've got.
Ginro the guard...
Does Ginro have any shot against Magma?
To be honest, it'll be tough.
You said it yourself, Senku...
We're gaming the hell out of this Grand Bout.
The strongest isn't necessarily going to win.
Haven't you been wondering what I've
had in my mouth this whole time?
Don't tell me...
Isn't that the raw ingredients
for Senku's science drink?
You've kept that in your cheeks
like a squirrel this whole time?
I've been saving it for just before my match.
Ginro, Argo, forward.
I happen to know how powerful
Senku's science power is from when
we went to get sulfuric acid.
Senku's special power-up drink...
I bet it's even more effective if it's raw!
Raw?!
You're just going to end up with the runs!
Shh. He's better off not knowing
anything at this point.
Here we go! Here we go!
Here we go!
Note:    Ginro's self-image
Here we go... Here we go...
That man sure is impressionable.
Not that I didn't know that...
For better or worse.
There's so much gaming going
on in this Grand Bout.
Simpletons like him tend to break
through in situations like these.
Match four, begin!
This kid is nuts!
He's going straight at him.
Ginro's on fire!
He's under the impression that he's gotten
stronger just by eating the herbs?
He's never had caffeine before.
He's probably completely wired.
And his gullibility makes him fearless.
Not a thing wrong with that.
That does nothing to me.
What I have that you don't
Note:    Ginro's self-image
is the mind to trust in science!
Holy crap, Ginro!
Oh, damn!
Reality
Holy crap, Ginro...
Oh, damn...
Damn it!
Why won't you go down?
Winner: Ginro!
Where are you going, Ginro?!
He probably has the runs.
Not surprising after how much he ate.
He's all beat up and withered out.
Not good...
I don't think he'll be fighting any more.
I'm sure you know what the situation is.
If we let Magma make it to the
final match, it's game over.
The probability of Ginro,
who's all beat up, or you
defeating Magma is zero.
So the only way to save Ruri
is for me to defeat Magma.
Magma, Chrome, forward!
If you can take down Magma,
you'll be the new village chief
and Ruri's husband, Chrome.
There's no way Chrome can beat
Magma if they go head-to-head.
But this is a team battle.
All we can do is hope that Kinro's
done enough damage to him.
Chrome's been practicing hard
against the target, too.
I'm sure the gods of battle are watching.
Semi-final: Magma versus Chrome.
Begin!
Wh-What's going on?
How's Chrome doing against Magma?
So awful...
We all knew how it was going to end.
He's toying with him on purpose.
You have to surrender!
Chrome's going to die!
Oh, dear.
This doesn't look too good, Chrome-chan.
Chrome, I know you have no intention
of throwing the match for Ruri.
I'm surprised you get it, Magma...
You meat-for-brains.
This just gets me even more excited.
Until Ruri cries and begs
for surrender in your place,
I'll beat you into a pulp and
make sure you never walk again.
Chrome...
Special attack: Blinding!
"Special attack," my ass!
You piece of shit!
That's right.
I never stood a chance
against Magma to begin with.
That's right.
I'm Chrome.
Science user Chrome!
What is he doing with Suika's mask?
Oh, look at that. It's the
sorcery mask that I bashed up.
Do you think you can
scare me with that now?
Clear sky.
I'm starting a fire with sunlight and a lens.
I have to bet everything on that one move.
He's got the wrong idea.
Chrome's trying to use Suika's lens to
start a fire on Magma's black clothes.
That's clearly his intention.
The magnifying glass I used
to start a fire is convex,
which means it focuses light.
Meanwhile, glasses are
concave. They spread light.
What does that mean?
Suika's glasses aren't going to
start a fire, ten billion percent.
I'm going to save Ruri.
I'm going to win and turn this
village into a kingdom of science,
with the lens Senku made... and my tenacity!
I like it!
Show me what you've got, you lanky brat!
No, Chrome!
You can't start a fire with a concave lens!
Don't worry, Senku-sensei.
I'm a bit of a science user myself!
Damn it, hold your arm completely still.
Keep your nerves calm!
Chrome, don't tell me... No way...
He was dripping water on the
convex lens of Suika's mask.
He made a concave lens,
literally out of sweat and tears.
Is that actually going
to start a fire, though?
Yeah, it's called a burning lens.
There's even been a case where a lens
made from a suction cup
and air started a fire—
Asagiri Gen!
The smooth talker! Why are you here?
Long time.
Look, never mind what I've been up to.
Shouldn't you be worried
about Chrome-chan?
I need the kingdom of science to win.
I need that bottle of cola, y'know.
You've been watching the
whole time, haven't you?
How many seconds does he
need to start the fire?
That's the big question.
It turns out the math isn't that simple.
I'll figure it out right now.
The lens has a diameter of five centimeters.
The solar constant is 1362
watts per square meter...
Damn it, calculating the heat
transfer rate mentally isn't easy.
2.6821...
Rounded to 2.68.
Assuming a radiation rate
of zero in calm winds,
fur's condition for ignition
is close to that of paper.
With a specific heat of 1.3 kilojoules,
a density of 900 kilograms per cubic meter,
an ignition point of 300 degrees Celsius...
Sixty seconds.
On the dot.
Okay.
Now it's up to the mentalist.
Come on, bring it.
Hurry it up, or I'll kill you.
Magma-chan!
Thanks for killing me the other day.
You!
You're the sorcerer from outside!
H-H-How are you alive?!
With sorcery, of course.
I just put a curse on you
so that your heart
will explode as soon as you
so much as take a step.
His heart will explode?!
So he'll die in seconds?
This is obviously outside
interference by sorcery!
This is cheating!
It would be if your heart exploded.
But if it's a bluff, then it's just a taunt.
Nothing wrong with that.
Why don't you try moving?
See if you explode.
So dirty...
Chrome-chan, take him
down while he can't move.
O-Oh, no!
I'm so terrified, I can't move anymore.
Wh-Wh-What horrible acting, Chrome!
It's good enough.
Gen made it convincing.
Please, I'm begging you!
Hurry!
This sorcery is seriously draining.
I can only hold him for a minute.
Good thing you're a wimp.
All I have to do is wait for the
sorcerer to run out of strength.
Not bad, mentalist.
Kinro-chan's done quite
a bit of damage to Magma.
He kept whacking at Chrome-chan
with nothing left.
I get it.
I want a break... I'm so tired...
You actually want to take a break.
And I've given you a beautiful
excuse to do that.
You're best off waiting for
the sorcery to wear off.
People will buy any cheap lie
if it'll justify being lazy.
You've already fallen for
my magic, Magma-chan.
What's the matter?
Go already, Chrome!
Hurry up!
Get him!
Gen bought 60 seconds.
It's up to you now, Chrome.
Sixty seconds is under ideal conditions.
Even just the rippling of the water on
the lens can throw off the calculation.
Crap...
There's no way to keep the tip
of the spear perfectly still.
Calm your mind.
Thank you, Chrome.
I'm going to save Ruri.
Senku's science, Gen's magic, my tenacity...
With our strengths combined,
the light will set a fire.
Pat it.
What is this?
It's a surface flash fire.
The flame spreads instantly across
the surface of fluffy clothing.
Hey, Magma, relax.
I have no intention of becoming a murderer.
I'll do you the kindness of helping you.
Winner: Chrome!
Yeah!
Magma's down!
Which means the last contestants are...
Senku, Chrome, and Ginro-chan.
Chrome!
They're all on our side!
Yeah.
It's total victory for
the kingdom of science!
The Culmination of Two Million Years
Next Time
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.